Marco butter Tiger fitness.com rabid
cage
Hollywood's rabbit cage edition coming
from Fabio I believe yes I'm a personal
real-life friend of JMM aka John
Hollywood I wanted to ask your views on
the sexual side of bodybuilding athlete
selling their bodies to be able to
afford the lifestyle gain for pay and so
on if it's a sassy sub gif it's not to
touch of a subject to talk about on
video all about touching weird subjects
but I've never done game for pay and
I'll look the camera in I have never
done that
but yes it happens as you guys know I
grew up on the west side of LA um Culver
City area Inglewood area that's where I
grew up I had the fortune of being able
to go to Venice every weekend and some
of my weekend visits I heard stories
and I actually had a football coach when
I was a kid who was in the bodybuilding
scene not that deep but he was deep
enough to be able to see things and I
remember when I was in high school he
first told me about what bodybuilders
did and what some big names do um we all
look I have the utmost respect for Kai
green I think he's amazing
I spoke to him a couple times you might
not even remember it because he's kinda
green he meets a lot of people but he's
a very intelligent very soft-spoken very
very very nice guy but we've all seen
the grapefruit video and that's just a
grapefruit um there's so many things
going on the bottom line is to compete
as a bodybuilder and I'm going to talk
to the natural bodybuilders out there
right now you guys up your food bill
your tanning bill your gym bill all this
did it a and then you have to travel to
a show and there's really no prize money
even as a pro natural bodybuilder and
all these there's like three Pro
contests that you gotta fly somewhere
you'll get two thousand dollars to get
there and the max prize is like seven
hundred in bullshit right okay must have
bullshit is pretty much what it's worth
let's face it we're in a very niche
sport and there's not much money
because there's not many people who
really care to watch it's kind of boring
to watch and then you get to the pro
level you add all that stuff the natural
guys to on top of foreign agents and not
even a mention names that cost a lot of
money and if you're getting legit real
stuff cost even more money how do you
pay for that you have to train you pay
for your food you got to do stuff now a
lot of guys like look at mark Doug Dell
well that guy's the man he owns a
business branch Warren would be
successful in a millionaire without
bodybuilding the other guys who might
not have a job they're looking get ready
for the next show harder they can afford
it you got to turn to something I've
been offered money to do private posing
sessions um underwear requests and I'm a
nobody I ain't want anything I suck but
imagine if I was a probe in the top ten
at the Olympia and matching the stuff if
I'm getting basically two or three a
week there's must be in the hundreds so
yes you have to succumb to that to pay
for the lifestyle which is why kids out
there if you're watching this I
apologize for my language earlier and in
every video I do but listen bodybuilding
will not pay your bills stay in school
get a real job and don't end up that guy
going to the gym doing private posing
sessions selling your dirty posing
trunks that's all I got to say so yes
there is a deep dark sexual side to
bodybuilding I've walked in on it a
couple times but I walked right out
Marvel buddy Tiger Fitness calm ace